### Signal Acquisition
The software portion of the project is responsible for acquiring and visualizing the signal generated by the electrical hardware. The primary objective of this component is to convert the analog glottogram signal into a digital form that can be analyzed to visualize the phases of the glottal cycle using Arduino Uno’s built in ADC.  Directly below is the code that performs signal acquisition, by sampling the analog A0 pin of the Arduino every 2 milliseconds, converting the calculated analog value into a digital voltage signal at each sampled interval. This corresponds to a frequency of 500 Hz calculated using f = 1Tsampling. From literature, the ideal sampling rate to measure glottogram signals is ranged from 80 Hz - 300 Hz, so this is well above the range and can be dropped. While we can use a conversion factor to turn the analog signal into an estimated voltage, we decided to end up outputting the raw values. (See code for this section in _ Software Folder)

### Saving the Signal
Arduino IDE is a good software for data visualization, but not acquisition as microcontrollers lack the memory capacity to save data on their own. To fix this, after uploading the IDE code to the Arduino we go directly to python and access the serial. The IDE code will still run at the microcontroller, and your computer will directly access the serial and save all the Arduino values stored as .csv values. Note, make sure that Arduino IDE is closed in this step, or there will be a COM port conflict between accessing the controller's serial through both IDE and python at the time. (See code for this section in _ file in Software folder

### Processing and Analyzing the Data
Now that we have the .csv file, we can analyze the data using pandas, numpy, or matplotlib. We used matplotlib, centered the voltage subtracting the average raw signal from the raw signal. Due to processing at high speeds (500 Hz) applying a moving average was incorporated to smooth the data and obtain a more visually appealing plot. (See code for this section in _ file in Software folder

